Conversion library overhaul (#568)
hapifhir/org.hl7.fhir.core: org.hl7.fhir.convertors/CONVERTORS.md

The files themselves follow the naming convention:

`(NAME)` + `(VERSION CODE)` + `_` + `(VERSION CODE)`

Where `NAME` is the proper name of the resource or datatype being converted, and the two `VERSION CODE` indicate the two
versions of FHIR that the code will convert the given resource or datatype between.

So, in the repository, you may come across a file name `Account30_40`. This would indicate that the code in this
file is related to the conversion of the Account resource between versions [dstu3](http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/account.html)
and [r4](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/account.html)

**N.B.** This information is only for code navigation purposes. It is important that when converting between versions 
you use the provided conversion factory classes as your entry point.

### Using the conversion library

-----
The mojority of use cases for conversion will involve using the provided VersionConvertorFactory_V1_V2 classes to convert
to and from the various versions of FHIR. 

They provide two statically accessed base methods for converting resources:

`public static (V1 Resource) convertResource((V2 Resource) src)`

`public static (V2 Resource) convertResource((V1 Resource) src)`

> ...and two statically accessed base methods for converting types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as two statically accessed base methods for converting types:
```
